Hello everybody today we are with you
we test the video recorder
gs 8000 m shooting in the afternoon I live in the city
Chernihiv so til a little show
the city and you yourself will see the quality
shooting the city and me a little landed
on video you will notice
what will be squeaking periodically is
I have such problems my car gives out
mistake because I was burned alone
stop light and therefore periodically
how do i click on 100 but it turns out
food or turn signal is here for me
I can't buy a light bulb yesterday
so you have to put up a little because
the fact that I have
and a light bulb is writing, the error will return
I will not comment much on you
see everything just say so
periodically i will tell what we
I'm driving these food
squeaks again now we drive up the main
square
the city is called red square
as far as you know yes recent events
in Ukraine that we have half a revolution here
now he even has a small town
picket regional state administration
weather we warm to the month of February 6
degrees of heat so guys look now
we will pass it with you
we were so right there was a garage
registration and the left is now
barricades
there are people picketing here such tents
lined with tires bags this type
barricades here here they have a slogan and so
further here it will see it here
the main square of the city now i'm on it
pass see it let's say so our
attraction in general the city is very
ancient and and famous for its its
There are many churches here.
churches and a lot of people come as
tourists here this right tram theater
our main
from this main square I am going on it and
there is such a stylish playground
there are practically no cops in the city
on Independence in Kiev
here
750 thousand
first time testing
This DVR see what
its quality will not be through the editors
banish because she's already mother there
from the quality immediately from the recorder directly
I will load on youtube so that
maximize the quality of those ashore and there
even tuk-tuk will take Masha squeaking
it's a little bit already
I got but while I light bulb
I'll look and put it tomorrow
this is the main street of the city avenue of the world
prospect of victory take you no
this is going to pass McDonalds right now
the central market is the central part
code
see all the time ends 1 records will
say goodbye to you
see what happens there
Generally guys all bye